chore: allow customization of build cores for bitcoind via environment var (#576)
getfloresta/Floresta: doc/running-tests.md

./tests/prepare.sh && ./tests/run.sh
```

##### Utreexod

By default, the tool will build `utreexod` on its [latest release](https://github.com/utreexo/utreexod/releases/latest).
If you want to build a specific release, you can set the `UTREEXO_REVISION` environment variable before running the script.
It must be a [valid tag](https://github.com/utreexo/utreexod/tags) without the `v` prefix. For example:

```bash
UTREEXO_REVISION=0.1.0 ./tests/prepare.sh && ./tests/run.sh
```

##### Bitcoin-core

> By default, the tool will build `bitcoind` on its latest release with the maximum available processor's cores (with the command `nproc`). From 9.0 version, the `bitcoind` will be compiled with `cmake`. If you want to use a previous version, configure it with the `BITCOIN_REVISION`. Also if you need to change the number of processor's cores, use the
> `BUILD_CORE_NPROCS`. If the `BITCOIN_REVISION < 29.0` it will be passed as argument to `make`. If `BITCOIN_REVISION >= 29.0` it will be passed to as argument to `cmake`. For example:

Reviewer: The 9.0 version one was wrong no? I think you meant 29.0

Plus some nitty grammar suggestions

```suggestion
By default, the tool will build `bitcoind` on its latest release using all available CPU cores (with the `nproc` command). Starting with Bitcoin Core 29.0, `bitcoind` uses the `CMake` build system. If you want to use a previous version, configure it with the `BITCOIN_REVISION` environment variable. Also, if you need to change the number of CPU cores, use
`BUILD_CORE_NPROCS`. If `BITCOIN_REVISION < 29.0`, it will be passed as argument to `Make`. If `BITCOIN_REVISION >= 29.0`, it will be passed to as argument to `CMake`. For example:
```

Author: lol, thanks @JoseSK999!
